jc-2169 remove xref to tier kbase article (#656)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/connectors/getting-started-connectors/README.adoc

ifndef::qs[]
.Example flow of messages from a data source to a data sink

> image::connectors-getting-started-connectors/connectors-example-diagram.png[Image of data flowing from a data source to a data sink]

Reviewer: Might want to check the file name and location? This is what I see when I check your branch?

```suggestion
image::connectors-ex-diagram.png[Image of data flowing from a data source to a data sink]
```

Author: It is correct for downstream. I removed the upstream image file
